♻️ Chore: Update Docs (#163)
astrolicious/studiocms: www/docs/src/content/docs/how-it-works/index.mdx

- **Plugin System**: You can extend StudioCMS using plugins to add additional functionality.

#### Core Virtual Modules

- **`virtual:studiocms/config`**: Provides the resolved configuration for the StudioCMS integration ecosystem.
- **`virtual:studiocms/version`**: Provides the current version of the StudioCMS integration ecosystem.
- **`virtual:studiocms/_nav`**: Provides the navigation mappings for the user-facing front-end.
- **`virtual:studiocms/astromdremarkConfig`**: Provides the configuration for Astro Markdown support.
- **`studiocms:components`**: Provides the front-end exported components for StudioCMS.
- **`studiocms:helpers`**: Provides the front-end exported helper functions for StudioCMS.

### StudioCMS: Dashboard

The StudioCMS Dashboard is a web interface that allows you to manage your StudioCMS project. It provides a user-friendly interface for creating, editing, and deleting content for your project. The StudioCMS Dashboard is built with [Astro](https://astro.build) and [DaisyUI](https://daisyui.com/) with [UnoCSS](https://unocss.dev).

> #### Features

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Tech Stack
```

---
title: "How does it work!?"
description: "How does Astro StudioCMS Work?  Well here is all the answers!"
---

# Introduction

> StudioCMS is a CMS built for Astro. It is a powerful tool that allows you to create, edit, and delete content for your Astro project in an SSR deployment while connected to [Astro Studio](https://studio.astro.build). It is designed to be easy to use and flexible enough to handle any type of content. And it is easy to extend! You can also create your own plugins to add new features to StudioCMS.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
StudioCMS is a CMS built for Astro. It is a powerful tool that allows you to create, edit, and delete content for your Astro project in an SSR deployment while connected to [Astro Studio](https://studio.astro.build). It is designed to be easy to use and flexible enough to handle any type of content.

Extending StudioCMS is easy too! You can also create your own plugins to add new features to StudioCMS.
```

## How does it work?

> AstroStudioCMS is devided into multiple parts:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
StudioCMS is devided into multiple parts:
```

Don't want to keep flip-flopping between `AstroStudioCMS` and `StudioCMS`. Don't necessarily mind which we use as long as we're consistent. Though `Astro StudioCMS` is the full name, I feel like `StudioCMS` is fine throughout the docs

> - **StudioCMS Core**: The core of StudioCMS is the primary integration that hooks into your Astro project and provides the ability to interact with the AstroStudio (AstroDB) integration with a prebuilt front-end.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **StudioCMS Core**: The core of StudioCMS is the primary integration that hooks into your Astro project and provides the ability to interact with the AstroStudio (through AstroDB) integration with a prebuilt front-end.
```

- **StudioCMS: Dashboard**: The StudioCMS dashboard is the primary web-based interface for managing your AstroStudioCMS project. It provides a user-friendly interface for creating, editing, and deleting content for your Astro project.
- **StudioCMS: ImageHandler**: This integration provides a `<CustomImage />` Astro component that is used to handle remote images and optimize them for your Astro project in a SSR environment.
- **StudioCMS: Robots-TXT**: This integration automates the creation of a robots.txt file for your Astro project and AstroStudioCMS.

## Breakdown

### StudioCMS Core

#### Overview

> StudioCMS Core is an integration designed for Astro projects, enhancing them with a comprehensive CMS solution. This integration registers StudioCMS as the first plugin, sets up database configurations, watches for configuration changes, and adds various functionalities including virtual imports, logging, and default frontend routes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
StudioCMS Core is an Astro Integration which provides a comprehensive CMS solution out-of-the-box. This integration registers StudioCMS as the first plugin, sets up database configurations, watches for configuration changes, and adds various functionalities including virtual imports, logging, and default frontend routes.
```

#### Features
- **@astrojs/db**: The StudioCMS Core integration uses the `@astrojs/db` integration to connect to the AstroDB/AstroStudio.

> - **Virtual Imports**: The StudioCMS Core integration adds virtual imports to your Astro project to allow for dynamic content.

Reviewer 2: Or this could be a link to the virtual modules section below... Either or

- **Logging**: The StudioCMS Core integration logs all changes to the AstroDB/AstroStudio and can be enabled or disabled through a config option.
- **Default Frontend Routes**: The StudioCMS Core integration adds default frontend routes to your Astro project to allow for easy access to the StudioCMS dashboard.
- **Plugin System**: The StudioCMS Core integration provides a plugin system that allows you to extend the functionality of StudioCMS.

> #### Core Virtual Modules

Reviewer 3: `virtual:...` vs `studiocms:...`  due to the naming convention of [Vite](https://vitejs.dev/guide/api-plugin#conventions) setting the rules between "PUBLIC" and "internal" differences.  the `studiocms` virtual modules also have a .dts for the user, while the `virtual` ones do not (since they are internal use(But could be accessed still without typings, this is useful for someone looking to customize the entire project as the "How it works" section is meant as a technical breakdown this can be considered the "Advanced section"))

This part of our docs is a technical breakdown... I feel it would be bad practice to start changing the wording used by the software this is being developed on. (Astro + Vite)

> #### Core Virtual Modules

Reviewer 2: Wonder if it's worth mentioning then that these are internal modules somewhere in this description

> #### Core Virtual Modules

Reviewer 3: This was hidden within the collapsed thing on github... but done in [71b586b](https://github.com/astrolicious/studiocms/pull/163/commits/71b586b6fc774edbb1246c1aa31f86355b80f501)

- **`virtual:studiocms/config`**: The Primary virtual module that provides the resolved configuration for the StudioCMS integration ecosystem.
- **`virtual:studiocms/version`**: The Virtual module that provides the current version of the StudioCMS integration ecosystem.

> - **`virtual:studiocms/_nav`**: The Virtual module that provides the navigation mappings for the userfacing Front-end.

Reviewer 3: because an internal virtual module can be named however... and this is the front-end one, there is still going to be another internal backend one as well (once i get that part finished, which will allow new dashboard pages/routes to be created within plugins!)

> - **`virtual:studiocms/astromdremarkConfig`**: The Virtual module that provides the configuration for the Astro markdown support.

Reviewer 3: planned in future patch

> - **`studiocms:components`**: The Virtual module that provides the front-end exported components for StudioCMS.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **`studiocms:components`**: Provides the front-end exported components for StudioCMS.
```

> - **`studiocms:helpers`**: The Virtual module that provides the front-end exported helper functions for StudioCMS.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **`studiocms:helpers`**: Provides the front-end exported helper functions for StudioCMS.
```

It's also 100% worth adding a link to another config page which details what these helpers are.

Actually might be worth adding links to all these bullet points tbh...

Reviewer 3: That is the plan... this is only the first of the planned pages?

> - **`studiocms:helpers`**: The Virtual module that provides the front-end exported helper functions for StudioCMS.

Reviewer 2: Why aren't these two `virtual:studiocms/blahlbahlbah`

Reviewer 3: `virtual:...` vs `studiocms:...`  due to the naming convention of [Vite](https://vitejs.dev/guide/api-plugin#conventions) setting the rules between "PUBLIC" and "internal" differences.  the `studiocms` virtual modules also have a .dts for the user, while the `virtual` ones do not (since they are internal use(But could be accessed still without typings, this is useful for someone looking to customize the entire project as the "How it works" section is meant as a technical breakdown this can be considered the "Advanced section"))

#### Features

- **Dashboard**: The StudioCMS Dashboard provides a user-friendly interface for managing your AstroStudioCMS project.
- **UnoCSS**: The StudioCMS Dashboard uses UnoCSS for styling and theming.
- **DaisyUI**: The StudioCMS Dashboard uses DaisyUI for styling and theming.
- **AuthConfig**: The StudioCMS Dashboard provides authentication configuration options.
- **Astrolace**: The StudioCMS Dashboard is built using [Astrolace](https://github.com/matthiesenxyz/astrolace) a [Shoelace.style](https://shoelace.style) Astro Integration.
- **DashboardRouteOverride**: The StudioCMS Dashboard provides a dashboard route override configuration option. Allowing you to change the default route for the StudioCMS Dashboard and API.

#### Dashboard Virtual Modules

- **`studiocms-dashboard:auth`**: The Virtual module that provides the authentication configuration for the StudioCMS Dashboard.
- **`studiocms-dashboard:components`**: The Virtual module that provides the exported dashboard components for the StudioCMS Dashboard.
- **`studiocms-dashboard:contentHelpers`**: The Virtual module that provides the exported content helper functions for the StudioCMS Dashboard.

> - **`studiocms-dashboard:routeMap`**: The Virtual module that provides the exported routes for the StudioCMS Dashboard.

Reviewer 2: Why aren't these `virtual:studiocms/xxx`

Reviewer 2: Also they don't _all_ need the `The Virtual module that` ... just start at `Provides`

Reviewer 3: `virtual:...` vs `studiocms:...`  due to the naming convention of [Vite](https://vitejs.dev/guide/api-plugin#conventions) setting the rules between "PUBLIC" and "internal" differences.  the `studiocms` virtual modules also have a .dts for the user, while the `virtual` ones do not (since they are internal use(But could be accessed still without typings, this is useful for someone looking to customize the entire project as the "How it works" section is meant as a technical breakdown this can be considered the "Advanced section"))

### StudioCMS: ImageHandler

#### Overview

The StudioCMS ImageHandler is an integration that provides a custom image component for your Astro project. This component is used to handle remote images and optimize them for your Astro project in an SSR environment using [@unpic/astro](https://unpic.pics/img/astro/) for image optimization.

#### Features

- **`<CustomImage />`**: The StudioCMS ImageHandler provides a custom image component for your Astro project.

#### ImageHandler Virtual Modules

> - **`studiocms:imageHandler/components`**: The Virtual module that provides the exported image components for the StudioCMS ImageHandler.

Reviewer 2: Why isn't this one `virtual://////...`

Reviewer 3: `virtual:...` vs `studiocms:...`  due to the naming convention of [Vite](https://vitejs.dev/guide/api-plugin#conventions) setting the rules between "PUBLIC" and "internal" differences.  the `studiocms` virtual modules also have a .dts for the user, while the `virtual` ones do not (since they are internal use(But could be accessed still without typings, this is useful for someone looking to customize the entire project as the "How it works" section is meant as a technical breakdown this can be considered the "Advanced section"))

---
title: "How does it work!?"

> description: "How does Astro StudioCMS Work?  Well here is all the answers!"

Reviewer: Not sure how fond I am of this description. First suggestion fixes the existing one, second suggestion is a random proposal.

```suggestion
description: "How does Astro StudioCMS Work? Well, here are all the answers!"
```

```suggestion
description: "Learn how Astro StudioCMS helps you manage and deliver your content by exploring a comprehensive breakdown of it's fundamental components."
```

Reviewer 3: I really do like the second one...

---

# Introduction

> StudioCMS is a CMS built for Astro. It is a powerful tool that allows you to create, edit, and delete content for your Astro project in an SSR deployment while connected to [Astro Studio](https://studio.astro.build). It is designed to be easy to use and flexible enough to handle any type of content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
StudioCMS is a powerful CMS built for Astro that allows you to manage and serve your content using [Astro Studio](https://studio.astro.build/). It's designed to be easy-to-use and flexible enough to handle any type of content.
```

> Extending StudioCMS is easy too! You can also create your own plugins to add new features to StudioCMS.

Reviewer: A link to a plugin guide / tutorial would be really useful here.
```suggestion
Extending StudioCMS is easy too! You can create your own plugins to add new features to StudioCMS.
```

## How does it work?

> StudioCMS is devided into multiple parts:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
StudioCMS is divided into multiple parts:
```

> - **StudioCMS Core**: The core of StudioCMS is the primary integration that hooks into your Astro project and provides the ability to interact with the AstroStudio (through AstroDB) integration with a prebuilt front-end.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- **StudioCMS Core**: The core of StudioCMS is the primary integration that hooks into your Astro project and provides the ability to interact with the Astro Studio (through AstroDB) integration with a prebuilt front-end.
```

- **StudioCMS: Dashboard**: The StudioCMS dashboard is the primary web interface for managing your AstroStudioCMS project. It provides a user-friendly interface for creating, editing, and deleting content for your Astro project.
- **StudioCMS: ImageHandler**: This integration provides a `<CustomImage />` Astro component that is used to handle remote images and optimize them for your Astro project in a SSR environment.

> - **StudioCMS: Robots-TXT**: This integration automates the creation of a robots.txt file for your Astro project and AstroStudioCMS.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- **StudioCMS: Robots-TXT**: This integration automates the creation of a `robots.txt` file for your Astro project and AstroStudioCMS.
```

> StudioCMS is divided into multiple parts:
> 
> - **StudioCMS Core**: The core of StudioCMS is the primary integration that hooks into your Astro project and provides the ability to interact with the Astro Studio (through AstroDB) integration with a prebuilt front-end.
> - **StudioCMS: Dashboard**: The StudioCMS dashboard is the primary web interface for managing your AstroStudioCMS project. It provides a user-friendly interface for creating, editing, and deleting content for your Astro project.
> - **StudioCMS: ImageHandler**: This integration provides a `<CustomImage />` Astro component that is used to handle remote images and optimize them for your Astro project in a SSR environment.
> - **StudioCMS: Robots-TXT**: This integration automates the creation of a `robots.txt` file for your Astro project and AstroStudioCMS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
StudioCMS is divided into multiple parts:

- **StudioCMS Core**: The primary integration that hooks into your Astro project and provides the ability to interact with Astro Studio (through the `@astrojs/db` integration) with a prebuilt front-end.
- **StudioCMS: Dashboard**: The primary web interface for managing your StudioCMS project. It provides a user-friendly interface for creating, editing, and deleting content.
- **StudioCMS: ImageHandler**: An integration that provides a `<CustomImage />` component to handle remote images and optimize them for your project in an SSR environment.
- **StudioCMS: Robots-TXT**: An integration that automates the creation of a `robots.txt` file for your StudioCMS project.
```

## Breakdown

### StudioCMS Core

> #### Overview
> 

Reviewer: This feels redundant
```suggestion
```

> StudioCMS Core is an Astro Integration which provides a comprehensive CMS solution out-of-the-box. This integration registers StudioCMS as the first plugin, sets up database configurations, watches for configuration changes, and adds various functionalities including virtual imports, logging, and default frontend routes.

Reviewer: "default frontend routes" is a little vague here. Is there a more specific way of describing these?
```suggestion
StudioCMS Core is an Astro Integration which provides a comprehensive CMS solution out-of-the-box. This integration registers StudioCMS as the first plugin, sets up database configurations, watches for configuration changes, and adds various features including virtual imports, logging, and default frontend routes.
```

#### Features
- **@astrojs/db**: The StudioCMS Core integration uses the `@astrojs/db` integration to connect to AstroStudio.

> - **Virtual Imports**: The StudioCMS Core integration adds several [Vite Virtual Imports](https://vitejs.dev/guide/api-plugin#virtual-modules-convention) packed with features which gives you full control over your dynamic content.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- **Virtual Imports**: The StudioCMS Core integration adds several [Vite Virtual Imports](https://vitejs.dev/guide/api-plugin#virtual-modules-convention) packed with features that give you full control over your dynamic content.
```

> - **Logging**: The StudioCMS Core integration logs all changes to AstroStudio and can be enabled or disabled through a config option.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- **Logging**: The StudioCMS Core integration logs all changes to Astro Studio and can be enabled or disabled through a config option.
```

> #### Features
> - **@astrojs/db**: The StudioCMS Core integration uses the `@astrojs/db` integration to connect to AstroStudio.
> - **Virtual Imports**: The StudioCMS Core integration adds several [Vite Virtual Imports](https://vitejs.dev/guide/api-plugin#virtual-modules-convention) packed with features that give you full control over your dynamic content.
> - **Logging**: The StudioCMS Core integration logs all changes to Astro Studio and can be enabled or disabled through a config option.
> - **Default Frontend Routes**: The StudioCMS Core integration adds default frontend routes to your Astro project to allow for easy access to the StudioCMS dashboard.
> - **Plugin System**: You can easily extend StudioCMS using its own plugin system to create additional functionality.

Reviewer: I'm only going through this page at the moment, so I'm not sure, but do we have a config reference we can link to to disable logging? I also removed "enabled" as I'm guessing it's enabled by default? If not, replace disabled with enabled.

By "default frontend routes", if we mean the dashboard, we should probably just say dashboard. I haven't changed this in the suggestion as the language is also used elsewhere.
```suggestion
#### Features

- **@astrojs/db**: StudioCMS Core uses the `@astrojs/db` integration to connect to Astro Studio.
- **Virtual Imports**: StudioCMS Core adds several [virtual modules](https://vitejs.dev/guide/api-plugin#virtual-modules-convention) packed with features that give you full control over your dynamic content.
- **Logging**: StudioCMS Core logs all changes to Astro Studio. This can be disabled in your config file.
- **Default Frontend Routes**: The StudioCMS Core integration adds default frontend routes to your Astro project to allow for easy access to the StudioCMS dashboard.
- **Plugin System**: You can extend StudioCMS using plugins to add additional functionality.
```

Reviewer 3: Logging is disabled by default, the "default front end routes"  are the `/` and `/[slug]` routes, the dashboard routes are handled separately by the actual Dashboard integration

Reviewer: Updated the suggestion

> - **Plugin System**: You can easily extend StudioCMS using it's own plugin system so you can easily create extra functionality into StudioCMS.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- **Plugin System**: You can easily extend StudioCMS using its own plugin system to create additional functionality.
```

#### Core Virtual Modules

- **`virtual:studiocms/config`**: Provides the resolved configuration for the StudioCMS integration ecosystem.
- **`virtual:studiocms/version`**: Provides the current version of the StudioCMS integration ecosystem.

> - **`virtual:studiocms/_nav`**: Provides the navigation mappings for the user-facing Front-end.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- **`virtual:studiocms/_nav`**: Provides the navigation mappings for the user-facing front-end.
```

- **`virtual:studiocms/astromdremarkConfig`**: Provides the configuration for Astro Markdown support.
- **`studiocms:components`**: Provides the front-end exported components for StudioCMS.
- **`studiocms:helpers`**: Provides the front-end exported helper functions for StudioCMS.

### StudioCMS: Dashboard

#### Overview

> The StudioCMS Dashboard is a web-based interface that allows you to manage your AstroStudioCMS project. It provides a user-friendly interface for creating, editing, and deleting content for your Astro project. The StudioCMS Dashboard is built with [Astro](https://astro.build) and [DaisyUI](https://daisyui.com/) with [UnoCSS](https://unocss.dev).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The StudioCMS Dashboard is a web interface that allows you to manage your StudioCMS project. It provides a user-friendly interface for creating, editing, and deleting content for your project. The StudioCMS Dashboard is built with [Astro](https://astro.build) and [DaisyUI](https://daisyui.com/) with [UnoCSS](https://unocss.dev).
```

#### Features

- **Dashboard**: The StudioCMS Dashboard provides a user-friendly interface for managing your AstroStudioCMS project.
- **UnoCSS**: The StudioCMS Dashboard uses UnoCSS for styling and theming.
- **DaisyUI**: The StudioCMS Dashboard uses DaisyUI for styling and theming.
- **AuthConfig**: The StudioCMS Dashboard provides authentication configuration options.
- **Astrolace**: The StudioCMS Dashboard is built using [Astrolace](https://github.com/matthiesenxyz/astrolace) a [Shoelace.style](https://shoelace.style) Astro Integration.

> - **DashboardRouteOverride**: The StudioCMS Dashboard provides a dashboard route override configuration option. Allowing you to change the default route for the StudioCMS Dashboard and API.

Reviewer: None of these are really features, except the first and last. The first is also described above.

Reviewer 3: They are all features for a developer or someone looking to extend StudioCMS (This part of the docs is meant for a higher level deep dive for the persons wanting to extend our functionality)

Reviewer: yeah, maybe it could be called something like "tech stack" or "dependencies"

Reviewer 3: tech stack doesn't sound bad

#### Dashboard Virtual Modules

> - **`studiocms-dashboard:auth`**: The Virtual module that provides the authentication configuration for the StudioCMS Dashboard.
> - **`studiocms-dashboard:components`**: The Virtual module that provides the exported dashboard components for the StudioCMS Dashboard.
> - **`studiocms-dashboard:contentHelpers`**: The Virtual module that provides the exported content helper functions for the StudioCMS Dashboard.
> - **`studiocms-dashboard:routeMap`**: The Virtual module that provides the exported routes for the StudioCMS Dashboard.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **`studiocms-dashboard:auth`**: Provides the authentication configuration for the StudioCMS Dashboard.
- **`studiocms-dashboard:components`**: Provides the exported dashboard components for the StudioCMS Dashboard.
- **`studiocms-dashboard:contentHelpers`**: Provides the exported content helper functions for the StudioCMS Dashboard.
- **`studiocms-dashboard:routeMap`**: Provides the exported routes for the StudioCMS Dashboard.
```

> - **`studiocms-dashboard:routeMap`**: The Virtual module that provides the exported routes for the StudioCMS Dashboard.

Reviewer: Not entirely happy with this rewrite, but NWTWWHB
```suggestion
- **`studiocms-dashboard:auth`**: Provides the authentication configuration for the dashboard.
- **`studiocms-dashboard:components`**: Provides dashboard components.
- **`studiocms-dashboard:contentHelpers`**: Provides content helper functions for the dashboard.
- **`studiocms-dashboard:routeMap`**: Provides the routes for the dashboard.
```

Reviewer 3: This file was modified during your review

### StudioCMS: ImageHandler

#### Overview

> The StudioCMS ImageHandler is an integration that provides a custom image component for your Astro project. This component is used to handle remote images and optimize them for your Astro project in a SSR environment using [@unpic/astro](https://unpic.pics/img/astro/) for image optimization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The StudioCMS ImageHandler is an integration that provides a custom image component for your Astro project. This component is used to handle remote images and optimize them in a SSR environment using [@unpic/astro](https://unpic.pics/img/astro/).
```

> The StudioCMS ImageHandler is an integration that provides a custom image component for your Astro project. This component is used to handle remote images and optimize them for your Astro project in an SSR environment using [@unpic/astro](https://unpic.pics/img/astro/) for image optimization.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The StudioCMS ImageHandler is an integration that provides a custom image component for your Astro project. This component is used to handle remote images and optimize them for your Astro project in a SSR environment using [@unpic/astro](https://unpic.pics/img/astro/) for image optimization.
```

### StudioCMS: Dashboard

#### Overview

The StudioCMS Dashboard is a web interface that allows you to manage your StudioCMS project. It provides a user-friendly interface for creating, editing, and deleting content for your project. The StudioCMS Dashboard is built with [Astro](https://astro.build) and [DaisyUI](https://daisyui.com/) with [UnoCSS](https://unocss.dev).

#### Features

- **Dashboard**: The StudioCMS Dashboard provides a user-friendly interface for managing your AstroStudioCMS project.
- **UnoCSS**: The StudioCMS Dashboard uses UnoCSS for styling and theming.
- **DaisyUI**: The StudioCMS Dashboard uses DaisyUI for styling and theming.
- **AuthConfig**: The StudioCMS Dashboard provides authentication configuration options.
- **Astrolace**: The StudioCMS Dashboard is built using [Astrolace](https://github.com/matthiesenxyz/astrolace) a [Shoelace.style](https://shoelace.style) Astro Integration.
- **DashboardRouteOverride**: The StudioCMS Dashboard provides a dashboard route override configuration option. Allowing you to change the default route for the StudioCMS Dashboard and API.

#### Dashboard Virtual Modules

> - **`studiocms-dashboard:auth`**: Provides the authentication configuration for the StudioCMS Dashboard.
> - **`studiocms-dashboard:components`**: Provides the exported dashboard components for the StudioCMS Dashboard.
> - **`studiocms-dashboard:contentHelpers`**: Provides the exported content helper functions for the StudioCMS Dashboard.
> - **`studiocms-dashboard:routeMap`**: Provides the exported routes for the StudioCMS Dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **`studiocms-dashboard:auth`**: Provides the authentication configuration for the dashboard.
- **`studiocms-dashboard:components`**: Provides the exported dashboard components.
- **`studiocms-dashboard:contentHelpers`**: Provides the exported content helper functions for the dashboard.
- **`studiocms-dashboard:routeMap`**: Provides the exported routes for the dashboard.
```
